add plugin section (#399)
jenv/jenv: README.md

unset JENV_VERSION
```

### 2 Plugins

The below plugins can be enabled with `jenv enable-plugin <plugin>` and disabled with `jenv disable-plugin <plugin>`.

| Plugin | Effect                                                             |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| export | Set and export JAVA_HOME to the jenv version on every cd           |
| gradle | Set and export GRADLE_OPTS to the jenv options when running gradle |
| maven  | Set and export MAVEN_OPTS to the jenv options when running maven   |
| ant    | Set and export ANT_OPTS to the jenv options when running ant       |
| lein   | Set and export LEIN_JVM_OPTS to the jenv options when running ant  |

> | sbt    | Set and export SBT_OPTS to the jenv options when running ant       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| lein   | Set and export LEIN_JVM_OPTS to the jenv options when running lein |
| sbt    | Set and export SBT_OPTS to the jenv options when running sbt       |
```

Author: my bad, thanks.
